# What is New Clark City ?
New Clark City is a planned city. It will be constructed over a former military base. It will be spread over 9,450 hectare. It was conceptualized by Arnel Casanova the former president and chief executive officer (PCEO) of the Bases Conversion and Development Authority (BCDA). BCDA is a governmental corporation owned by the Office of the President of the Philippines created in 1992. Its main goal is to strengthen the Armed forces by building great cities over former military bases. It also helps economical development and creation of employments. It will be located in the towns of Bamban and Capas in Tarlac. Php/P : Philippine Peso. There are at the moment P95.51 billion invested in the project. The project is intended to decongest the region of Metro(politan) Manila in the Philippines which is the most densely populated region. The target population is of 1.2 million. New Clark City will become the new capital of the country. NCC has geographical advantages. It lands 54 meters over the sea level which makes it safe from flooding. It is also a place less vulnerable from earthquakes. However the area is inhabited by an indigenous tribe called the Aeta Hungey which is not willing to leave. NCC will be built anyway forcing the tribe to move away.  It will help decongest Manial. It will create economic growth. The idea of building New Clark City is inspired by Putrajaya which is a city created to reduce Kuala Lumpur's congestion in Malaysia. The targeted number of inhabitants of 1.2 million is unrealistic. Putrajaya was supposed to have 350,000 inhabitants in 2011 and even today the city doesn't even reaches 30% of that. It is argued that the economic growth is based on nothing. NCC will supposedly contribute P1.57 annually. The calculation of that number is unclear. Futhermore that economic growth won't benefit to the majority of the Filipinos. It will be the first smart, resilient and environmentally friendly metropolis. It will be fully sustainable. The name of New Clark City (formerly Clark Green City) is chosen after the Clark Freeport Zone to attract more investors since the name of Clark is already known by foreigners. There will be a lot of green spaces in NCC including 2 major parks. Only 3,500 hectares will be developed leaving the rest for greenery. A sports hub has been built. It contains an aquatics center and the New Clark City Athletics Stadium. 450 hectares are reversed for a mountain resort. Many institutions, universities, governmental agencies, etc... have moved their site to NCC. 