For our city of the future we have chosen to use 3 transports types. Firstly, the Subway which will be the most used transport type. It is one of the safest transport types and is theoretically the fastest way to get from one place to another for the reasons we'll talk about later on. Today, what are called Maglev trains are the fastest trains in the world. They use the Lorentz force, i.e. the electromagnetic force to propel themselves hence the name of Maglev wich stands for magnetic levitation. The entire subway would use the same system plus the use of vacuum tubes to prevent the metro carriages from being slowed down by friction with the air which would make it the most efficient in the world. The subway network would be designed in a cobweb-like form. This pattern makes every travel the shortest in time. Secondly, bicycle-like types of transport would be used when taking the subway is not necessary. This category includes bicycles, e-bikes (vélos électriques in french), electric draisiennes and e-scooters (trottinettes électriques in french). This would help to decongest the subway. Bike lanes would be dispatched all over the city for the travellers to move in safety. What's more people that would often use this kind of transportation would contribute to take care of those people's health. Thirdly, there would also be personal vehicles such as cars or trucks but they would be reserved for professionals as some of them may require some peculiar gear. We're thinking about policemen and ambulance drivers for instance. All vehicles would be AI-assisted to make all of the drives as efficient and safe as possible. Those 3 types of transportations don't involve pollution as they would all be run by electrical power mostly and human power for the rest. The road network within the city reuniting the pedestrians, the bicycle-like types of transport and personal vehicles would be organized as a star where every major road leads to the center of the town. Each street would have enough place for a pavement, a bike lane and a road. As for transports between the city and the rest of the world, a train station would be localized in the most accessible area for the outsiders. There would also be an airport situated in the North edge or the South edge of the city. Ultimately there would be a port at the West edge of the city.